what is going on guys it is dinosaurs
here bringing you guys a trailer
breakdown for the newest injustice gods
among us trailer now this is quite
possibly the coolest trailer to me
because I've been waiting for Aquaman
for so long if you guys have gone back
in some of my videos like almost every
video I mentioned Aquaman so this is
awesome for me and I'm just want to
break down this trailer show you guys
everything that I see in the trailer so
let's get this started my rule has
always been absolute so right there
Aquaman was just talking and he was like
yo my rule has always been absolute like
he's saying you know he's always been
the ruler of the sea there's nothing
that's changed that and what I think
you're going to find out is like he's
getting kind of bullied around by the
new regime he feels like these guys
might actually have a chance to take him
down that or he just doesn't want to
have to go up against people who he used
to be on a team with I protect my people
against anyone eager to claim the sea as
their own right there that kind of
confirms my idea that he's like saying
hey I'll protect Atlantis no matter what
no matter who is trying to take over
Atlantis I'm going to be there to
protect them and in this case it looks
like it's going to be Superman the new
regime all of them going up against
Aquaman trying to you know say either we
can rule the sea and the earth or we can
fuck you up and still rule the sea and
the earth but Aquaman's like oh hell no
I will protect Atlantis with all that is
in me but even I i have my living so
right there i'm just going to go back a
little bit so you can see his costume
right there you saw a great look at his
costume and he's saying that basically
he'll do whatever it takes i thinks
costume looks i don't know like i like
it at first and then like it gets up to
here and i don't understand what's going
on with this looks like he's got an
octopus on his arm it definitely looks
good but i think it was just a little
bit too much detail for this costume but
i do like that he is using the trident
some people were like oh no ma'am you
got to use water man and i was like no
please god no he is not a waterbed
this is not the legend of korra please
nether um don't do this to me so right
here if you look up top you will see
both Superman what it looks like to me
Superman and the Sinestro corpse Hal
Jordan costume now what are they over
there over the new regime soldiers what
I'm assuming is them kind of rallying up
the troops to go and prepare to take on
Aquaman and the rest of Atlantis after
years of living on the here's a better
shot at the you know regime brink of war
I've decided to yield to the regime so
there we go basically if you guys don't
know what happens is you know Lois dies
Superman him to creates the new regime
five years later is when injustice takes
place if i'm not mistaken and basically
in that time frame Aquaman was like yo
I'm not I'm not down with this stuff and
then he just like goes to Atlantis and
chills there and I think the Justice
League or the new regime is like dude
you should probably you know be with us
your Atlantis and you should be with the
new regime but he's like I'm not kind of
down for killing people for no reason or
something like that maybe he is I don't
know but at this point he's like all
right I'm done kind of fighting fighting
the force I'm just going to accept
accept it and join the rest of new
regime or whatever this is complete
subjugation so complete subjugation what
does that mean basically what it means
is that you know Aquaman has to roll
over on his belly and accept that the
new regime just owns Atlantis basically
and he's like that's not what I'm here
for it's what you agreed to it's what we
expected so the new regime expects to be
able to control seventy percent of the
world basically because Aquaman controls
all of the sea he owns the oceans and
now you know Superman's just not okay
with just controlling the ground he has
to have the water he'll control
everything it's a truck quick and right
here Aquaman and Batman are together
this does not surprise me much at all
because
let's think about it like Aquaman
doesn't want to join the new regime he's
not cool with what they're doing and
he's not cool with letting them take
over Atlantis and Batman's not cool with
them killing people or anything like
that whatever the case may be Batman's
not with them Ockman is not with them so
Batman has really gained a strong ally
in Aquaman right now today but even
after this treatment something tells me
that my fighting days are just getting
started so just then we got a glimpse at
aqua man leading the Atlantean troops
into battle of what I assume was going
to going up against the Amazonians the
troops of Wonder Woman so that's pretty
cool right there we getting just great
gameplay footage of Aquaman just beating
up everyone and it's great to see him
using the Trident and right here in a
second you will get to see him using a
little bit of the powers of the China
right now you're gonna see him using
lightning bolts coming from the Trident
that is amazing so this is pretty cool
what's going on right here now if you
look in the sky this is basically what
my idea was let's think about go back
all the way to where Superman and Hal
Jordan were in the air together the sky
looked basically the same color as it
does right now and basically we're
getting a whole bunch of Atlantean
creatures coming out of the ocean and
attacking everyone again the lighting
just looks the same and we've got the
same kind of trucks and tanks and
everything going beyond seas Atlantean
crab soldier things and this just looks
like a scene taken straight out of the
throne of Atlantis if Aquaman was on the
same side as his brother ocean master
answer to yo so right there was a pretty
cool thing I was just talking about
ocean master right guys and he's saying
basically document saying I answer to no
one and the only person he really could
have a chance to actually have to answer
to would be ocean master because his
half-brother and you know they kind of
fight over the throne of Atlantis so
maybe arm you know maybe ocean master is
in this game even if it's just a cameo
saying like dude you need to do what's
right for the Atlanteans and just join
the new regime like he's saying maybe he
thinks that the new regime can actually
you know have a fighting chance against
Aquaman in the rest of Atlantis I don't
know guys but that's my thought hey so
just then you got a great glimpse at
what looks like to me either a stage
transition or you know Aquaman super
move I'm fine with it being either you
know the Sharks coming out and attacking
them what I'm assuming is going to
happen is a tidal wave comes in and then
as you're in the tidal wave sharks come
in and attack you and then maybe Aquaman
comes in and hit you with the Trident
like you saw in an earlier scene but
just now guys I've given you an instant
trailer breakdown for the newest
injustice gods among us trailer please
subscribe if you like
kind of stuff go back and check some of
my older videos I have great videos on
my channel make sure to click that like
button you know it takes a while to do
these so thank you all for watching I
hope you have a nice day and good bye